as tensions continue to simmer in the
Middle East as Israel struck an Iranian
consulate and Iran struck back now there
is fear that Israel might strike again
and to discuss it with us is the
founding member as well as the General
Secretary of K sh one of the fighting
groups here in Iraq which has been
fighting uh Israel's linked interests
here in Iraq as well as in the region uh
Mr Abu thank you very much for taking
the time your group has been designated
a terrorist organization ation by the
United States uh you based in Iraq so
why would you get involved in a fight
between Israel and
Iran any War any Battlefield involving
the United States against any Arab
country we will stand with that Arab
country any War directed by the us
against any Islamic country we will
stand alongside that Islamic
country have you carried out attacks
against Americans or Israelis in the
past we fought against us occupation for
10 years until its first expulsion from
Iraq now the Islamic resistance sees the
US taking an active part in the Gaza war
and supporting Israel without this
American intervention Israel would not
exist we fought against the Americans we
are part of the resistance and affront
to support our brothers the MU in
Palestine the Islamic resistance of Iraq
now is three major
organizations and
and what are your
capabilities Islamic resistance in Iraq
includes disclosed and undisclosed
factions there are unknown armed groups
working with us our capabilities have
developed more than 20 to 30 times and
we have the ability to manufacture
missiles drones and we have developed an
Arsenal shouldn't Iraqi uh public
opinion or resistance for fighting come
from the government of Iraq rather than
uh groups that are not part of the
government
we do not want to embarrass the
government with this issue this is why
we see ours as a supportive role the
Iraqi resistance has carried out more
than 400 attacks and we continue to
Target Israel via drones and if the
occupation expands the war to Rafa the
Islamic resistance will escalate its
operations do you not think that this
escalation is going to take the entire
region towards War and the people of
Iraq the people of various countries are
going to suffer the most
we believe in the AIS of resistance our
fighters in Yemen Lebanon Syria Iraq and
Iran in case of an allout War we are
with the Islamic Republic of Iran we are
standing with the heroes children and
women of Gaza if an allout War takes
place our message is that Americans in
Iraq will be hostages under the control
of the Islamic
resistance make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer